The files in this repository are from the second half of the nand 2 tetris project.  Lab5_1.pl was our introduction into prolog.  Ancestor was an example given to use by professor Jill Zimmerman (Goucher College).  I wrote the function membst which determines if X is a member in a binary search tree.  Lab5_2.pl introduced us to list implementation in prolog.  Append2 and reverse1 was given to use by professor Zimmerman.  I wrote last1 which finds the last item in a list.  Manwolf is a similar problem to the missionaries and cannibals problem.  Professor Zimmerman provided all of the functions.  I changed oneEq which prevents a solution from being printed multiple times.  In eightqueens2, the fuctions nocheck, legal, and eightqueens was provided to me by professor Zimmerman.  I added nqueens which is a function the solves the nqueens problem in prologue given a query.  Position(N,[N|Rest]) returns a list from N to 1.  Template takes a list and translates it into the correct format to be used in the other functions.  In game.pl most of the code was provided for us by professor Zimmerman.  This is a text based adventure game in prologue.  The goal of the game is to make it to the mountaintop and get the tresure.  In order to do so one must grab a key, open the gate preventing you from getting to the treasure, then drop the key in order to obtain the treasure.  There is a bug where if you are at the gate the game says you are in the maze.  I added the unlock, pickup, drop, and one additonal treasure states.  In sub.pl subseq was taken from Modern Programming Languages: A Practical Introduction, 2nd Edition by Adam Brooks Webber.  I wrote every other function in the file.  Given a set of elements, it looks through the subsets, and tries to build a cover that is as small as possible.  From the subsets include everything in the set, so that the cover is as small as possible.  coverOptimiazation tries to find the smallest possible size the cover could be for a given set and subsets.